feat: add Istanbul open dataset (#597)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/datasets/index.md

Reviewer: We are not add `/pandar_packets` topic new bag file. Could you remove this topic

Autoware partners provide datasets for testing and development. These datasets are available for download here.

## Istanbul Open Dataset

The dataset is collected in the following route. Tunnels and bridges are annotated on the image.
At the right bottom part of the route, extra roads are traversed.

<p align='center'>
    <img src="images/ist_dataset_route_2_resized.png" alt="ist_dataset_route2" width="80%"/>
</p>

### Leo Drive - Mapping Kit Sensor Data

This dataset contains data from the portable mapping kit used for general mapping purposes.

The data contains data from the following sensors:

- 1 x Applanix POS LVX GNSS/INS System
- 1 x Hesai Pandar XT32 LiDAR

**For sensor calibrations, `/tf_static` topic is added.**

### Data Links

- You can find the produced full point cloud map, corner feature point cloud map and
  surface feature point cloud map here:

  - [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wQJVjrVt47ScWDgYlOiClIUKCbNvarub/view?usp=drive_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wQJVjrVt47ScWDgYlOiClIUKCbNvarub/view?usp=drive_link)
  - Exported point clouds are exported via downsampling with 0.2 voxel grids.

> - You can find the ROS2 bag which is collected simultaneously with the mapping data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can find the ROS 2 bag which is collected simultaneously with the mapping data:
```

| `/applanix/lvx_client/gsof/ins_solution_49`     | `applanix_msgs/msg/NavigationSolutionGsof49`          |
| `/applanix/lvx_client/gsof/ins_solution_rms_50` | `applanix_msgs/msg/NavigationPerformanceGsof50`       |
| `/lidar_packets`                                | `hesai_ros_driver/msg/UdpFrame`                       |
| `/lidar_packets_loss`                           | `hesai_ros_driver/msg/LossPacket`                     |
| `/lidar_points`                                 | `sensor_msgs/msg/PointCloud2`                         |
| `/tf_static`                                    | `tf2_msgs/msg/TFMessage`                              |
| `/rosout`                                       | `rcl_interfaces/msg/Log`                              |
| `/events/write_split`                           | `rosbag2_interfaces/msg/WriteSplitEvent`              |
| `/parameter_events`                             | `rcl_interfaces/msg/ParameterEvent`                   |

#### Message Explanations

Used drivers for sensors give output in default ROS2 message types and their own ROS2 message

> types for additional informations. Following topics are the default ROS2 message types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
types for additional information. Following topics are the default ROS2 message types:
```
